Add code snippet for the rng conversion (as proposed to scipy) (#1)
stefanv/specs: spec-0007/index.md

The following users will be affected:

> 1. Those who use `np.random.seed`. The proposal will do away with that global seeding mechanism, meaning that code that relies on it will, after a certain deprecation period, start seeing a different stream of random numbers than before. To ensure that this does not go unnoticed, the library will raise a `FutureWarning` if `np.random.seed` was called earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Those who use `np.random.seed`. The proposal will do away with that global seeding mechanism, meaning that code that relies on it will, after a certain deprecation period, start seeing a different stream of random numbers than before. To ensure that this does not go unnoticed, the library should raise a `FutureWarning` if `np.random.seed` was called earlier (we show how to do that further down).
```

### Code

> For example, SciPy may implement this with the following decorator to support both names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, consider how SciPy would transition from the `seed` to the `rng` keyword using a decorator.
```

This is implemented using:

> 1. A `check_random_state` function which normalizes the either old or new input to a `Generator` or `RandomState` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A `check_random_state` function which normalizes either old (`seed`) or new (`rng`) input to a `Generator` object.
```

Reviewer: The decorator should always return a Generator, even when operating on a `RandomState`. SciPy already has example code that shows how to extract this, using the internal bit generator.

>    This function only gives a `FutureWarning` when users (probably) NumPy's global legacy `RandomState`.  As noted in point 1. above.

Reviewer: There's a small typo here. When users ... ?

> 2. A decorator to deal with the rename changes.  In future versions this will deprecate the old keyword.  At this time, it will ensure that the documentation and auto-completion only shows the new parameter name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A decorator to deal with the `seed` to `rng` keyword rename.  In future versions, this will deprecate the `seed` keyword. Meanwhile, it ensures that the documentation and auto-completion only advertises the new parameter name.
```

def check_random_state(seed=_NoValue, rng=_NoValue):
    if rng is not _NoValue and seed is not _NoValue:
        raise TypeError("cannot pass both `rng=` and `random_state=` at the same time.")
    if rng is not _NoValue:
        return np.random.default_rng(rng)

    if seed is _NoValue:
        # If the user passed nothing, we have to reach into NumPy here:
        # 1. If np.random.seed(None) was called (or never called), then we can
        #    just use the default_rng (the result is random anyway).
        # 2. If it was called, we must return the global random state object
        #    and warn about future ignoring of seed!
        if np.random.mtrand._rand._bit_generator._seed_seq is not None:
            # The user did not seed, so no need to warn.
            return np.random.default_rng()
        warnings.warn(
            "The NumPy global rng was seeded in call to np.random.seed() "
            "in the future this function will ignore this seed and return "
            "random values as if a new `np.random.default_rng()` was created.",
            FutureWarning, stacklevel=5)
        return np.random.mtrand._rand

>     if seed is None or seed is np.random:

Reviewer: Why would seed be `np.random`?

Author: Maybe we should go away from just using the SciPy version.  Will look into it later.  It seems `random_state=np.random` is something that SciPy currently supports, I will doubt there is a particular reason for it.

>         return np.random.mtrand._rand

Reviewer: np.random.Generator(np.random.mtrand._rand._bit_generator)

Author: Hmmm, right.  Although in some cases using a `Generator` will also generate different streams.  OTOH, if integers are used, maybe we should risk it (since that is the future stability anyway).

Maybe can still choose to do that, there could be some cases where a RandomState is lacking features.

And at least unless we worry a lot about stream stability, `rng=` could at least refuse `RandomState` so it gets phased out eventually.

    if isinstance(seed, (numbers.Integral, np.integer)):

>         return np.random.RandomState(seed)

Reviewer: Can we return a generator built from the same bit generator instead?

    if isinstance(seed, (np.random.RandomState, np.random.Generator)):

>         return seed

Reviewer: Would be great for consistency to always return a Generator.
